### In the Beginning...

This is my first jump into doing anything related to blogging, or writing, for personal use/experience/etc... I felt it was time because I recently read a post on reddit that really struck home with me. It was about a 37 year old man, who weighed in at ~ 270 pounds. He had done research on obesity and diabetes and the costs associated with having such. Spoiler, it's not cheap.

So, when we're (my wife and I) already trying to penny pinch to make sure we can keep our lifestyle after our baby is born (soon) I wanted to start making changes to my life so that I'm able to be around, and support, the child for as long as possible. I figure the best way to start that journey is to start writing about it a few times a week -- even if it's jsut for me -- so that I'm cognisant of what I'm doing, and not doing, to have a healthier lifestyle.

A healthier lifestyle, that can mean so much, to so many different people. To me, this is going to break down into a few broad categories, which I will try to accomplish within, some kind of, a timeframe. I've not yet decided how long that timeframe is, but, I don't think it's going to be the classical "year". Why? Because, this isn't a New Years resolution, of sorts, it's a lifestyle change that I want to implement in myself, for myself (and my wife and soon to be child). New Year resolutions, to me, have a stigma attached to them, where, internally, we expect them to fail at some point. I don't want this to fail, this cannot fail, I must follow through on all the points that I will list below. 

Now, onto my list of hopeful accomplishments in the short term. This list is something to get me started and is meant, somewhat, as a starting point. Something to get me jump started, you know, so I feel good about myself, and my ability to accomplish the goals that I'm setting for myself. Without further ado, my list:

- [ ] Write updates to this (hidden) blog, at minimum, 2, to 3, time a week
- [x] Create an solid starting point, or idea, for an web/phone applicaiton
- [ ] Start to create development stories around the web/phone application idea
- [ ] Learn the basics of vi/vim and get off the crutch of the cheat sheet
- [ ] Read 1 book in the months of December & January combined
- [ ] By the end of January, begin working on core strengthening exercises
- [ ] Lose 5 pounds by the end of January (starting from 255 lbs at mid Nov.)

There's my list... it's kind of a hodgepodge of things, but all those things, in my opinion will get me jump started on a new lifestyle that I can, hopefully maintain over the rest of my life. 

Now, onto some explanation of some of these. The first 1 is somewhat obvious, it's to keep me engaged in this journey so that I see where my shortfalls are, and so that I may address them. The second  point (already checked, I might add, yay!), and third, is something I've wanted to do for a while (and something that I will explain in the second post), but for the short, it's to get my mind working because I'm somewhat lazy... The fourth point, about vi/vim, well, because I hate myself I suppose, lol. No, I don't know, it seems like something a bulk of developers use, so I feel like I should learn it. Reading, kind of obvious, but it's something everyone should do, and I'm apart of everyone. I've neglected reading, for pleasure, for so long, I never want to read anymore (outside of the thought that I should start). So, I'm going to force myself into the habit in hope that I will once again, like to read. 

The last two fall into place together. It's been a long almost 6 months. Why? Because I srewed up my back in mid-July installing ceiling fans in my wifes and I room, and our babies room. My back healed to a degree that I could play golf, about 18 holes comfortably, in September, but has since seen a relapse for an unknown reason. My physical theropist has determined that I have a slipped disk, one that is sitting on a nerve root in my lower back. It's very painful and makes it almost impossible to stand, or walk, for more than 45 minutes at a time. In addition to that, I *have* to ice afterwards if I want to be any sort of mobile for the rest of the day/evening. This is where the physical portion of a new heathly lifestyle kicks in. I will continue on my road to recovery through physical theropy and once I've completed that, the weight loss journey (and core strengthening) begins in earnest.

So, there we have it... the beginning of my new lifestyle, that I will (really *need*) to change to and forge ahead with.

Best of luck to me, and others that will beginning a new lifestyle because of reasons... Dated: Dec, 3, 2020. 
