Soo... it's already started, I've got a little lazy on the writing haha. But, here I am, ready to go give Day 2 a go.

I also just spent like 5 minutes trying to learn how to vertically split two files in VIM so that I could see what I wrote on the last time so I can build off of it... That was somewhat painful haha. But, I got there with this bit of codes:

```
vi -O [file1] [file2]
```

I always see Adam splitting screens when he shares his screen during work, but he's an experienced VIM user so it's second nature to him and it's too quick to catch the commands. With that, I can mark the vi/vim task in progress! That's kind of fun and hopefully, if I keep at it, I can learn the basics and some of the more advanced commands and actually remember them. A command that I *need* to find is one that will delete words when in input/edit mode... I use [option] + [delete] so often when typing normally that I just have to have it...

- [-] Learn the basics of vi/vim..

A second Item I want to mark in progress is my book. I can't use a use a book that I've started (only one at the moment in my mind -- being my How to be a Dad book), so I settled on *Six Thinking Hats* that Will suggested to the Dev Team to read. I'm going to try and get started here this week so we'll see how it goes. I'm going to hve to just set a time where I read (like from 7PM-9PM or something) each night and stick to it until it's second nature. Which, will noticeably, be much more difficult to do once our baby is born.

- [-] Read 1 book in the months of December & January (*Six Thinking Hats*)

Now, onto the point from entry `0.md` where I noted that I have an idea for a web/phone application. This has been mainly driven by my desire to *want to program outside of work*. Which, truthfuly is hard to do 99% of the time. Honestly, I'd rather play video games, watch tv/movies, etc. But, I feel like if I want to do any sort of freelance/consulting in the future, I need a backbone of projects that have a somewhat wide variety. So, I have to start somewhere. 

That starting point is... a fantatsy football application. Now, I know what you're thinking, that's sooo much to do any I'll get overwhelmed quickly, and you're right. To combat that, I'm going to try and do it in small stages that wil hopefully not make it too bad. Firstly, to even do it, I need the ability to connect to an API, or some data source, for the players, stats, etc. Hopefully I can find a way to get into ESPN's, or Yahoo's API, but I doubt it. Which will mean fiding some other second hand stat/player source. That will be the big sticking point in the creation of this guy. 

However, assuming that I'm not able to find a source, I can still do some of the things that I want to do with the features. I was thinking about this the other day, and some feaures that I want and think would be cool are:

- Custom Scheduleing
  - Competative (high vs high, low vs low, etc.)
  - Snake
  - etc.
- Custom playoff bracket setting  

It's only two things right now... but they'd be kind of cool in my opinion. Now, you say, how would this be done without an API source... Well, it could just be a manual process of inputing the teams that are participating in my fantasy league and updating scores/stats/etc each week. It'd be terrible, but once I have a base starting point, it gets a lot easier to start adding features and such. Start small, dream big, bite off chunks. That's how I'll make it, so we'll see. 

On an ending note.. I wanted to scroll down on the vim split of `0.md` to see how I ended it and see what else I had left... Had no idea how, so I had to look it up again... To do that it's:

```
[CTRL] + W
```

I'll have to start a vi/vim things to remember so I don't have to google all the time...

So, signing off for today so I can actually get some work done now.. Dec 7, 2020. Peace.
