The last update on January 4th... doing a /great/ job getting some writting done each week. Am I loosing the want to write things, not finding it helpful/useful, or more likely, it's showing my laziness in not wanting to do something that isn't too difficult.

I definately am not gonig to get my book read for December/January. I've found that I probably have time to read while putting Lachlan to sleep, however, I don't want to read on my phone, I'd rather read an actual book. So, that's... something? I'll have to start scheduling time to read, unfortunately. I was hoping I could do it organically, but that doesn't seem to like it's going to happen.

Now, the trouble comes in trying to find a time to schedule for reading. I can't do it past 5PM (at this time, potentially longer, since that's my time with Lachlan post work ATM), so it has to be before then. But.. I typically handle a feeding either at 4-5AM or 6-7AM, which has issues in itself afterwards.

So, after the 4-5AM I just want to sleep and then get to work when I wake up, which is usuallly around 8AM. Then, after the 6-7AM feeding, I kind of want to play FIFA, since I don't have any other time that I can do that it seems like. So, delimma. I /probably/ can make it so that I read on like Monday and Wednesday and then FIFA on Tuesday/Thursday. That doesn't seem too bad. Then Friday is a free for all in the sense of what I do. That seems like a good plan, so starting next Monday (Feb. 1st) I'm going to try that. We'll see how far I make it.

Also, thinking of it now, as I type, I need to start planning out that Fantatsy Football app. So, that's something i can do on Friday's. There's a lot of research that needs to go into it and a lot of planning. Then, even more work comes down the pipe for it. But, it's something that would be super cool to get done, so I'm going to keep trying.

Signing off for today, to go snowblow snow after 13.5" yesterday. Later... Jan 26th

